# Project Title:Marketing Analysis SQL Project 📊

## Tables 📋

Here are the tables you will be using:

- `Sustainable_clothing`
- `Transactions`
- `Marketing_campaigns`

## Creating Tables 🛠️

### Creating `Sustainable_clothing` Table
```sql
CREATE TABLE sustainable_clothing (
    product_id INT PRIMARY KEY,
    product_name VARCHAR(100),
    category VARCHAR(50),
    size VARCHAR(10),
    price FLOAT
);
```

### Creating `marketing_campaigns` Table
```sql
CREATE TABLE marketing_campaigns (
    campaign_id INT PRIMARY KEY,
    campaign_name VARCHAR(100),
    product_id INT,
    start_date DATE,
    end_date DATE,
    FOREIGN KEY (product_id) REFERENCES sustainable_clothing (product_id)
);
```

### Creating `Transactions` Table
```sql
CREATE TABLE transactions (
    transaction_id INT PRIMARY KEY,
    product_id INT,
    quantity INT,
    purchase_date DATE,
    FOREIGN KEY (product_id) REFERENCES sustainable_clothing (product_id)
);
```

## Inserting Values 📝

### Inserting Values into `Sustainable_clothing` Table
```sql
INSERT INTO sustainable_clothing (product_id, product_name, category, size, price)
VALUES
-- Values here
```

### Inserting Values into `marketing_campaigns` Table
```sql
INSERT INTO marketing_campaigns (campaign_id, campaign_name, product_id, start_date, end_date)
VALUES
-- Values here
```

### Inserting Values into `Transactions` Table
```sql
INSERT INTO transactions (transaction_id, product_id, quantity, purchase_date)
VALUES
-- Values here
```

## Case Study Questions ❓

1. How many transactions were completed during each marketing campaign?
2. Which product had the highest sales quantity?
3. What is the total revenue generated from each marketing campaign?
4. What is the top-selling product category based on the total revenue generated?
5. Which products had a higher quantity sold compared to the average quantity sold?
6. What is the average revenue generated per day during the marketing campaigns?
7. What is the percentage contribution of each product to the total revenue?
8. Compare the average quantity sold during marketing campaigns to outside the marketing campaigns.
9. Compare the revenue generated by products inside the marketing campaigns to those outside.
10. Rank the products by their average daily quantity sold.


## How to Use 🚀

1. Execute the SQL scripts provided to create the tables.
2. Insert values into the tables using the provided INSERT statements.
3. Run the analysis queries to answer the case study questions.

## Contributors 👥

- [Parth Bhavnani] - [Parthhbhavnani@gmail.com]

## Mentor / Guided By

- [Mitul Luhar]

Visit My Portfolio Website! 🌐

If you're interested in exploring more of my projects and learning about my skills and expertise, feel free to visit my portfolio website. Here you can find detailed information about my work, including projects like the Sales Data Dashboard using Power BI and more. https://parthbhavnani.github.io/